# Template
|  Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date  | 20 nov 2024 |
| Time  | 16:45-17:30 |
| Location  | DW PC1 Cubicle 5 |
| Chair | Kosmas Xenakis Karapanagiotis |
| Minute Taker | Chahid Boukachar |
| Attendees  | The entire team + TA|

Agenda Items:

 - Opening by chair ***1 min***
 - Objections to the agenda ***1 min***
 - Announcements by the team ***1 min***
 - Announcements by the TA ***5 mins***
- Talking points
     - Introduction/Getting to know each other ***5 mins*** 
     - General guidelines for Code of Conduct ***1 mins*** 
     - Boundaries/When to communicate/How to communicate ***3 min*** 
     - Weekly workload/Should we use story points?/Sprints ***4 mins***
     - Asking for help ***1 min***
     - How we will communicate with each other ***2 mins***  
     - how our project will be divided (on the large scale) ***3 mins*** 
     - Current + Pottential Goals (Operational - tactical - strategical) ***5 mins*** 
     - When to push ***2 mins*** 
     - When to refactor/Big changes to the codebase ***1 mins*** 
     - What to consider in a merge request (Javadoc - Tests - Code quality) ***2 mins*** 
     - What to say when merge request is not up to standard ***2 mins*** 
     - What our rules will be for checkstyle (loose strict/ warnings allowed?) ***3 mins*** 
 - Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (2 min )
 - Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (2 min )
 - Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (2 min )
 - Closure (1 min )

 > [!NOTE]
 > These points bellow from the template are not applicable: 
 > Presentation of the current app to TA (? min )
 > Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? (? min ) 
