| Key | Value                                      |
| --- |--------------------------------------------|
| Date : | 08-01-2025                                 |
| Time : | 16:45-17:30                                |
| Location : | Drebbelweg PC1-C5 (Some online)                   |
| Chair | Tristan Fransen                               |
| Minute Taker |    Kaja                         |
| Attendees : | Rares (Online), Kaja, Chahid, Tristan, Kosmas + TA |

*Agenda Items:*
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing? (2 min )
- Announcements by the team (2 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (3 min )
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? (1 min )
- Announcements by the TA (5 min )

*Talking Points:*
- Discuss what everyone has done these past few weeks (5 min )
- What still needs to be done? (2 min)
- Discuss difficulties with the new divided tasks (5 min)
- What do we want to add this week? (5 min )
- Distribute tasks (2 min )

*Closing:*
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (2 min )
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (3 min )
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (2 min )
- Closure (1 min )

### Minute Taker notes

16:46 start of the meeting

- 16:50-16:52 TA taking presence, 
- 16:52-16:55 TA Announcements,
    - The grades for technology will be released this weekend
    - Deadline for features and accessibility/usability on friday
    - The readme should be updated with an explanation on how to use te app until friday
- 16:55-16:58 Showcasing app
    - Changes include:
    - Language switching (english, dutch, spanish)
- 16:58-17:05 Planning of future tasks
    - Chahid and Femke will continue working on their tasks from the previous week
    - Tristan and Rares will be working on note tags
    - Kaja and Kosmas will be working on collections
- 17:05-17:08 Discussion about collections
    - There should be an option to view all notes as well as an option to only view a specific collection
    - Collections are hosted on multiple servers
- Small to-do things mentioned throughout the meeting
    - The pop-up when creating a note with an empty/already existing title shouldn't appear instantly when creating a new note
    - The warning/confirmation pop-ups also have to be translated

- 17:13 End of the meeting 